more details for credential process (#113)
common-fate/docs: docs/granted/recipes/credential-process.md

## Prerequisites

> The AWS CLI does not support SSO profiles with a credential process by default, so in order to use Granted to seamlessly authenticate your SSO profiles with the AWS CLI you will need to update the SSO configuration to be prefixed with `granted_` as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `credential_process` is added together with other AWS SSO keys, the AWS CLI skips credential_process and uses the default SSO provider to fetch the credentials, so in order to use Granted to seamlessly authenticate your SSO profiles with the AWS CLI you will need to update the SSO configuration to be prefixed with `granted_` as shown below.
```

@JoshuaWilkes  This is not 100% correct. AWS does support SSO profiles with a credential_process by default. 
This could be misleading.
